Interviewer: What's your favorite video game and why? 
Person 1: My favorite video game is called photo roulette. 
Interviewer: So what's the point of photo roulette um yeah 
Person 1: Yeah. so the point of photooulette is basically you allow this app to have access to your whole camera roll and then it um gives you a selection of photographs to choose from, and if you okay them, you are then thrown into a game with your friends where um you are shown a photo on the screen and everyone votes, who is camera roll I think the photo was from. 
Interviewer: So, do you like this game uh because of uh the community aspect or do you like the the core mechanics of the game?  Like what what what about the the game um maybe structurally is is some satisfying to you? 
Person 1: It's an excellent question. I think that the community aspect is something I really enjoy. um I also think that you can find a photo that sometimes you weren't expecting or you didn't see it and you let it slip in there and thing you can get embarrassing or um cause anything and and it's the thrill that I love about it, and with your good friends, you if you feel comfortable enough, that can be really fun to do it.  
Interviewer: So if you were to play a new game, right? would you require those those mechanics or elements. like if you were to look for a new game right now, what would you look for? 
Person 1: That is an excellent question.  I do find that I don't often play one one player games, so I do think I primarily do look for, um games I can play with my friends. Have you heard of a game called family style? Family style.  No, I have not. Similarly, you work together with the people you're playing with., um for the good of the game. which I really like, and those were the two games I've played the most frequently, so yes, I do think having a community aspect, it draws me in. Thank you so much. 

Interviewer: All right, hello and what's your favorite game and why? 
Person 2: My favorite game is I want watermelon because it's very relaxing. And um I play it whenever I just need some time filler and um it's not very addicting either.  
Interviewer: What aspects of the game really speak to you? 
Person 2: So I think the animation is really great because um it just looks really smooth uh and it and additionally it's a game where you drop fruits on one another.  And um um yes, it's seems like the physics are exactly how they would be in real life because the the fruit balls roll off each other, um and they combine and turn into a bigger fruit and then they like kind of open up so they all they take up space and just the way things work it makes sense the way things drop on each other. So I really appreciate that about the game. 
Interviewer: Yeah. and do you think this game would be as effective with like a different like Sam Core mechanics, but maybe different art style or like instead of Fruit or something else?
Person 2: I can speak very well to this question because because there are many different versions of the game, um online, either on the computer or on phones. um and I just think this one has the best animation out of all of them.'s and the only one that actually, I think moves, as you would expect it to move, otherwise to otherwise are kind of to use a not janky, but a little janky. um and they just don't they don't merge quite right. 
Interviewer: Do you think the sound is important to the game? I don't think the sound is important because I never play with the sound.
